frontend/schemaCMS/README.md, before:

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br>
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `yarn test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br>
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br>
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br>
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.


### `yarn extract-intl language1, language2, [...]`

Automatically generates `.json` files with messages gathered from application.

### `yarn lint`

Lints your JavaScript.

### `yarn plop`

Generate Redux module (reducer, saga, selectors, action types, action creators, tests):
```Shell
yarn plop module
```

Generate Redux container and its react component in specified path:
```Shell
yarn plop container
```

Generate React component in specified path
```Shell
yarn plop component
```

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

Commit message:

Feature/refactor link buttons (#1189)
* Add PlusLinkWithText compo and use it on Content page

* Add node modules to gitignore

* Update global button defaults (radius, font size, padding) and add size prop for Button component UI

* Replace Trash Icon with text button for Section's Delete Button

* Replace Plus button from section page with a text one

* Add medium button type

* Add add block button for page form

* Replace bin icon with a text button on a page details page

* Usage INTL message for delete button on section page

* Add handling for mobile styles for delete button

* Add default size for button styles

* Update snapshots

* Add minor fixes and last snapshot updates

* Add jest styled components for for SchemaCMS

* Add jest styled components for schemaUI

* Update Add buttons copy

* Reverse Formatted Messages memoization update in snapshots

* Add scripts and logic to run and updates jest snapshots in docker container

* Update snapshots for build

* Update remaining Add a block copy

* Update snapshot

* Update snapshot

* Refactor local test update script to remove cache, get rid of docker-compose and mini opimalization for docker file

frontend/schemaCMS/README.md, after:

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br>
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `yarn test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br>
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.


### `yarn test:update`

We need to run snapshot tests in same environment as on AWS to prevent error related to environment differences.
To achive that we run those tests in docker container. First run tests localy and make sure everything works as intended. Then run this command and finaly comit snapshot updates generated by this script.

### `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br>
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br>
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.


### `yarn extract-intl language1, language2, [...]`

Automatically generates `.json` files with messages gathered from application.

### `yarn lint`

Lints your JavaScript.

### `yarn plop`

Generate Redux module (reducer, saga, selectors, action types, action creators, tests):
```Shell
yarn plop module
```

Generate Redux container and its react component in specified path:
```Shell
yarn plop container
```

Generate React component in specified path
```Shell
yarn plop component
```

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).
